---
title: 符合 GDPR 的 Windows 企业版通知数据处理者服务
description: 介绍了 Windows 企业版数据处理者服务如何避免个人数据泄露，以及 Microsoft 如何在出现数据泄露时响应和通知用户。
keywords: Windows 企业版数据处理者服务, Microsoft 365, Microsoft 365 文档, GDPR
localization_priority: Priority
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: daniha
author: DaniHalfin
manager: dansimp
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
- MS-Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: 977dd8a9074864e389c37561fa1a170d5fde998c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 626b0076d133e588cd28598c149a7f272fc18bae
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/30/2020
ms.locfileid: "49506471"
---
# <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-breach-notification-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="17e48-104">符合 GDPR 的 Windows 企业版泄露通知数据处理者服务</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-104">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise breach notification under the GDPR</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="17e48-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span></span> 

|<span data-ttu-id="17e48-118">**Stage**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-118">**Stage**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="17e48-119">**说明**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-119">**Description**</span></span>|
|:------- |:------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-120">\**_1 — 检测_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-120">\**_1 — Detect_* _</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-121">潜在事件的第一个指征。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-121">First indication of a potential incident.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-122">_*_2 — 评估_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-122">_*_2 — Assess_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p104">时刻待命的事件响应团队成员评估事件的影响和严重性。根据证据，评估可能会也可能不会导致进一步向安全响应团队上报。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p104">An on-call incident response team member assesses the impact and severity of the event. Based on evidence, the assessment may or may not result in further escalation to the security response team.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-125">_*_3 — 诊断_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-125">_*_3 — Diagnose_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-128">_*_4 — 稳定和恢复_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-128">_*_4 — Stabilize and Recover_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p106">事件响应团队创建恢复计划以缓解问题。将立即执行危机遏制步骤。例如隔离受影响的系统，同时进行诊断。在即时风险过去之后，还会规划更长期的缓解措施。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p106">The incident response team creates a recovery plan to mitigate the issue. Crisis containment steps such as quarantining impacted systems may occur immediately and in parallel with diagnosis. Longer term mitigations may be planned which occur after the immediate risk has passed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-132">_*_5 — 关闭和事后分析_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-132">_*_5 — Close and Post-mortem_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-133">事件响应团队创建事后分析，其中会列出事件详情，目的是修改策略、过程和流程，以防事件再次发生。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-133">The incident response team creates a post-mortem that outlines the details of the incident, with the intention to revise policies, procedures, and processes to prevent a reoccurrence of the event.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-138">来自 Microsoft Azure 和 Azure 政府版上运行的 Microsoft 服务的第一方报告。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-138">First party reports from Microsoft Services running on Microsoft Azure and Azure Government.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-141">通过客户支持门户或 Microsoft Azure 和 Azure 政府版管理门户提供的客户报告，其中描述了归因于 Azure 基础结构的可疑活动（与客户的责任范围内发生的活动相对）。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-141">Customer reports via the Customer Support Portal or Microsoft Azure and Azure Government Management Portal, that describe suspicious activity attributed to the Azure infrastructure (as opposed to activity occurring within the customer's scope of responsibility).</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p111">Azure 服务操作员的上报。Microsoft 员工经过培训，可识别和上报潜在安全问题。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p111">Escalations by operators of Azure Services. Microsoft employees are trained to identify and escalate potential security issues.</span></span>

 ## <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-data-breach-response"></a><span data-ttu-id="17e48-149">Windows 企业版数据处理者服务数据泄露响应</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-149">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise Data Breach Response</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-154">_ *类别*\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-154">_ *Category*\*</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-155">**定义**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-155">**Definition**</span></span> |
|:------------ |:-------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-156">\**_无_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-156">\**_None_* _</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-157">没有移除、更改、删除或以其他方式破坏任何信息。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-157">No information was removed, changed, deleted, or otherwise compromised.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-158">_\*_隐私泄露_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-158">_*_Privacy Breach_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-159">纳税人、员工、受益人等的敏感个人数据被访问或移除。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-159">Sensitive personal data of taxpayers, employees, beneficiaries, etc. was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-160">_\*_专有信息泄露_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-160">_*_Proprietary Breach_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-161">受保护的关键基础机构信息 (PCII) 等未分类专有信息被访问或移除。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-161">Unclassified proprietary information, such as protected critical infrastructure information (PCII), was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="17e48-162">_\*_完整性损失_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-162">_*_Integrity Loss_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="17e48-163">敏感信息或专有信息被更改或删除。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-163">Sensitive or proprietary information was changed or deleted.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-168">**安全事件**：非法访问存储在 Microsoft 设备或 Microsoft 设施上的任何客户数据或支持数据，或者未经授权访问此类设备或设施从而导致客户数据或支持数据丢失、泄露或改动的事件。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-168">**Security Incident**: An incident where unlawful access to any Customer Data or Support Data stored on Microsoft's equipment or in Microsoft's facilities, or unauthorized access to such equipment or facilities resulting in loss, disclosure, or alteration of Customer Data or Support Data has occurred.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-169">**客户可报告的安全事件 (CRSI)**：非法或未经授权访问或使用 Microsoft 的系统、设备或设施，从而导致客户数据泄露、修改或丢失。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-169">**Customer-Reportable Security Incident (CRSI)**: An unlawful or unauthorized access to or use of Microsoft's systems, equipment, or facilities resulting in disclosure, modification, or loss of customer data.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p115">**Privacy Breach**: A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p115">**Privacy Breach**: A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p116">针对要声明的 CRSI，Microsoft 必须确定是否很有可能发生了未经授权的客户数据访问，并且/或者具有必须发送通知的法定或合同义务。最好是知道具体客户影响、资源访问及修复步骤，但不是必须这么做。事件通常是安全事件的诊断阶段结束后的声明 CRSI，但是，声明也可能发生在取得所有相关信息的任何时间点。安全事件经理必须建立超出合理怀疑的证据，证明发生了可报告的事件，以便开始执行客户事件通知流程。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p116">For a CRSI to be declared, Microsoft must determine that unauthorized access to customer data has or has very likely occurred and/or that there is a legal or contractual commitment that notification must occur. It is desired, but not required, that specific customer impact, resource access, and repair steps be known. An incident is generally declared a CRSI after the conclusion of the Diagnose stage of a security incident; however, the declaration may happen at any point that all pertinent information is available. The security incident manager must establish evidence beyond reasonable doubt that a reportable event has occurred to begin execution of the Customer Incident Notification Process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p117">在整个调查过程中，安全响应团队与全球法律顾问密切合作，帮助确保取证是根据法律义务和对客户的承诺来执行的。对于各种操作环境中系统和客户数据的查看和处理，还存在重大限制。敏感或机密数据以及客户数据不会转移出生产环境，除非有事件经理的明确书面批准，且记录在对应的事件票证中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p117">Throughout the investigation, the security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. There are also significant restrictions on system and customer data viewing and handling in various operating environments. Sensitive or confidential data, as well as Customer Data, are not transferred out of the production environment without explicit written approval from the Incident Manager recorded in the corresponding incident ticket.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p118">Microsoft 验证是否成功遏制了客户和业务风险并实施了纠正措施。如有必要，会采取紧急缓解步骤来解决与事件直接关联的安全风险。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p118">Microsoft verifies that customer and business risk is successfully contained, and that corrective measures are implemented. If necessary, emergency mitigation steps to resolve immediate security risks associated with the event are taken.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span></span> 

## <a name="customer-notice"></a><span data-ttu-id="17e48-186">客户通知</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-186">Customer Notice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-p122">Microsoft 认为通知操作将增加其他客户面临的风险。例如，发送通知可能向对手预警，导致无法进行补救。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p122">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification will increase the risk to other customers. For example, the act of notifying may tip off an adversary causing an inability to remediate.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="17e48-197">经 Microsoft 的法律部门公司外部和法律事务部 (CELA) 和行政事件经理审查的其他异常或极端情况。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-197">Other unusual or extreme circumstances vetted by Microsoft's legal department Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) and the Executive Incident Manager.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="17e48-198">Microsoft 的 Windows 企业版数据处理者服务向客户提供详细信息，使他们能够执行内部调查，并协助其履行最终用户承诺，而不是过度地延迟通知流程。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-198">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise provides customers with detailed information enabling them to perform internal investigations and assisting them in meeting end user commitments, while not unduly delaying the notification process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p123">个人数据泄露通知将通过 Microsoft 选择的任何途径送达客户，包括通过电子邮件。数据泄露通知会送达 Azure Defender 提供的安全联系人列表，该列表可根据[实施指导原则](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details)进行配置。如果 Azure Defender 未提供联系人信息，通知会发送给 Azure 订阅中的一个或多个管理员。为确保通知成功送达，客户有责任确保每个适用订阅和在线服务门户上管理员联系信息的正确性。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p123">Notification of a personal data breach will be delivered to the customer by any means Microsoft selects, including via email. Notification of a data breach will be delivered to the list of security contacts provided in Azure Security center, which can be configured by following the [implementation guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details). If contact information is not provided in Azure Security Center, the notification is sent to one or more administrators in an Azure subscription. To ensure that notification can be successfully delivered, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that the administrative contact information on each applicable subscription and online services portal is correct.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-p124">Windows 企业数据处理器服务团队还可能选择通知其他 Microsoft 人员，例如客户服务 (CSS) 和客户的客户经理 (AM) 或技术客户经理 (TAM)。这些人员通常与客户关系密切，因此可加速补救过程。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-p124">The data processor service for Windows Enterprise team may also elect to notify additional Microsoft personnel such as Customer Service (CSS) and the customer's Account Manager(s) (AM) or Technical Account Manager(s) (TAM). These individuals often have close relationships with the customer and can facilitate faster remediation</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="17e48-205">若要详细了解 Microsoft 如何检测和响应个人数据泄露，请参阅服务信任门户中的 [GDPR 数据泄露通知](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17e48-205">For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>
