---
title: Title 23 NYCRR 500 部分
description: Microsoft 已准备好介绍 Azure、Office 365 和 Power BI 如何帮助金融机构遵守 23 NYCRR 500 要求的指南。
keywords: Microsoft 365, 合规性, 产品/服务
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- M365-security-compliance
- MS-Compliance
hideEdit: true
titleSuffix: Microsoft Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: 2b0c57a90db58ab0dc85e0bb02a85de0a5fbb8a3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 626b0076d133e588cd28598c149a7f272fc18bae
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/30/2020
ms.locfileid: "49506498"
---
# <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-104">Title 23 NYCRR 500 部分</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

## <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-105">Title 23 NYCRR 500 部分概述</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-108">Microsoft 和 Title 23 NYCRR 500 部分</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-108">Microsoft and Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-112">遵循此指南以通过 Title 23 NYCRR 500 部分： Microsoft 云服务：[支持通过 NYDFS 网络安全要求实现合规性](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)来加快实现合规性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-112">Follow this guidance to accelerate your compliance with Title 23 NYCRR Part 500: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-113">纽约法规要求每个金融机构：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-113">The New York regulations require each financial institution to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p104">**实施全面的网络安全策略**，该策略可以解决信息安全、数据管理和分类、访问控制、业务连续性等问题。Microsoft 提供了有关如何制定此策略的指南，其中详细介绍认证和风险评估；业务连续性和灾难恢复指标；以及日志记录和审核的诊断。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p105">**指定一名首席信息安全官** (CISO) 来管理网络安全计划和执行政策。为了帮助你的 CISO，Microsoft 通过 [Azure 安全中心](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h)、[Office 365 高级威胁分析](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/)和 [Power BI 安全性](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185)提供有关 Microsoft 云部署的深入网络安全信息。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p105">**Designate a chief information security officer** (CISO) to manage the cybersecurity program and enforce policy. To help your CISO, Microsoft provides in-depth cybersecurity information about Microsoft cloud deployments through [Azure Security Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/), and [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p106">**监控并测试其网络安全计划的有效性**：Microsoft 提供来自其网络安全实践审核的信息，包括持续监控、定期渗透测试和漏洞评估。客户无需 Microsoft 的事先许可即可执行自己的测试。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program**: Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-125">**对包含非公开信息的信息系统的限制访问**：Azure、Office 365 和 Power BI 提供本机到每个服务的基于角色的访问控制 (RBAC) 流程，针对每个 Microsoft 管理员的严格安全和访问要求，以及对提升的访问权限的每个请求的审核。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-125">**Limit access to information systems that contain nonpublic information**: Measures that Azure, Office 365, and Power BI offer a role-based access control (RBAC) process native to each service, strict security and access requirements for every Microsoft administrator, and audits of every request for elevated access privileges.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-126">**制定用于评估和测试外部开发的应用程序的安全性的过程**：对于使用 Visual Studio 的开发人员，托管代码的 [安全规则](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code)可帮助确保在部署代码前检测并缓解应用程序网络安全威胁。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-126">**Institute procedures to assess and test the security of externally developed applications**: For developers using Visual Studio, [Security Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) for managed code can help ensure that application cybersecurity threats are detected and mitigated before the code is deployed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs**: For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs**: For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions**: Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions**: Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-131">**实施策略和过程来确保第三方服务提供商所拥有的信息的安全性**：Azure、Office 365 和 Power BI 使多重身份验证可用于公司网络的所有入站连接；实施控制（包括加密）来保护通过外部网络传输及静态的非公开信息；并提供 [Microsoft Online Services 条款](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms)，这些条款提供客户通知、事件调查和针对安全事件的风险缓解。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-131">**Implement policies and procedures to ensure the security of information held by third-party service providers**: Azure, Office 365, and Power BI make multi-factor authentication available for all inbound connections to company networks; implement controls, including encryption, to protect nonpublic information in transit over external networks and at rest; and offer [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) that provide for customer notification, incident investigation, and risk mitigation for security incidents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-132">**实施数据保留以及删除策略和过程**：你始终可以访问和提取存储在 Azure、Office 365 和 Power BI 中的客户数据。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-132">**Implement data retention and deletion policies and procedures**: You can always access and extract your customer data stored in Azure, Office 365, and Power BI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees**: Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees**: Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents**: Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents**: Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-in-scope-cloud-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-137">Microsoft 范围内云服务</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-137">Microsoft in-scope cloud services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-138">Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-138">Azure</span></span>](https://aka.ms/AzureCompliance)
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-139">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-139">Intune</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-140">Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-140">Office 365</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=2077751)
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-141">Power BI 云服务，无论是独立服务还是随 Office 365 品牌计划或套件提供的服务</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-141">Power BI cloud service either as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365 branded plan or suite</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-142">常见问题解答</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-142">Frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-143">**此法规中包含哪些机构？**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-143">**What institutions are covered under this regulation?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270a4-144">请参阅“纽约州金融服务管理局”[要监督的机构](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374)来确定你的机构是否受到此法规的制约。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-144">Consult the New York Department of Financial Services [Who We Supervise](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) to determine whether your institution is governed by this regulation.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-145">资源</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-145">Resources</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-146">特色资源</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-146">Featured resources</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/compliance/NYCRR)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-147">纽约州金融服务管理局 23 NYCRR 500：金融服务公司的网络安全要求</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098976)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-148">常见问题解答：23 NYCRR 500 部分 – 网络安全</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-148">FAQs: 23 NYCRR Part 500–Cybersecurity</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098977)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-149">Microsoft 云服务：支持通过 NYDFS 网络安全要求实现合规性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements</span></span>](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-150">Microsoft 信任中心内的合规性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-150">Compliance on the Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/compliance/compliance-overview)

## <a name="other-microsoft-resources-for-financial-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="270a4-151">针对金融服务的其他 Microsoft 资源</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-151">Other Microsoft resources for financial services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-152">Microsoft 商业云服务和金融服务</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-152">Microsoft business cloud services and financial services</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/financialservices)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-153">Microsoft 云金融服务合规性计划</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332)
- [<span data-ttu-id="270a4-154">Azure 中的金融服务合规性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-154">Financial services compliance in Azure</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/)
- <span data-ttu-id="270a4-155">[关于云计算的责任共担](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270a4-155">[Shared responsibilities for cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span></span> 
